* `./raw` contains the raw data files from FiveThirthyEight.
* `./modified` contains the cleaned/munged data values:
  * `./modified/Elo_ratings_with_Champs.csv`: 
    * Output from `./Elo_cleaning.ipynb` with `./raw/nba_elo.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from 1947 onwards for all teams.
    * Gathers Pre-Season, Post-Regular Season, 	Mean,	Median,	Min, and Max Elo Ratings for each team across all seasons and shows NBA champion for each season.
    * Does NOT correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions and not all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/filtered_Elo_with_Champs.csv`: 
    * Output from `./Elo_cleaning.ipynb` with `./modified/Elo_ratings_with_Champs.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from 1985 onwards for all teams.
    * DOES correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions and not all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/cleaned_normalized_salaries.csv`: 
    * Output from `./ContractValuesDataMunging.ipynb` with `./raw/player_salaries.csv` and `./raw/salary_caps.xlsx` as input.
    * Contains data from the 1984-85 season onwards since salary cap data only exists from that point on.
    * "Normalized" salary is generated by dividing each player's salary by their team's salary cap for that season.
    * DOES correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions since all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/cleaned_raptor_full.csv`:
    * Output from `./ContractValuesDataMunging.ipynb` with `./raw/historical_RAPTOR_by_team.csv`, `./raw/historical_RAPTOR_by_team.csv`, `./modified/cleaned_normalized_salaries.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from the 1976-77 season onwards since that was the date of the ABA/NBA merger.
    * Shows RAPTOR data for each player for each season delineated by `RS` (regular season), `PO` (playoffs) for each team they played as well as a `TOT` (total RAPTOR for all games).
    * Also includes each player's salary, normalized salary, the league salary cap, and the leagues's salary cap in 2022 dollars.
    * DOES correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions since all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/munged_salary_raptor.csv`:
    * Output from `./ContractValuesDataMunging.ipynb` with `./modified/cleaned_raptor_full.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from the 1984-85 season onwards since salary cap data only exists from that point on.
    * Filters `./modified/cleaned_raptor_full.csv` to include only `RS` and `PO` based on teams and drops null salary values.
    * Also filters based players that have only played at least 290 miutes total (at least 5 mins a game for 58 of the 82 games). 70% game attendance is the NBA cutoff for seasonal awards.
    * DOES correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions since all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/cleaned_no_tot_PlayerPerGame.csv`:
    * Output from `./CombineEloSalaries.ipynb` with `../Data/PlayerPerGameData.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from the 1984-85 season onwards.
    * Filters `../Data/PlayerPerGame.csv` to remove values for TOT (total) in the cases where players played for multiple teams.
    * DOES correct team abbreviations to modern-day versions since all teams listed have modern-day equivalents.
  * `./modified/compare_salaryZscores.csv`:
    * Output from `./compareRating_Salary.ipynb` with `./modified/cleaned_raptor_full.csv`, `./modified/cleaned_no_tot_PlayerPerGame.csv` as input.
    * Contains data from the 1984-85 season onwards.
    * Weights RAPTOR based on the minutes played / (40x58) since starters play 40 mpg for 58 games.
    * Replaced 0 `scaled_salary` values with minimum non-zero `scaled_salary` and then take log since it follows a log-normal distribution to make it a normal distribution.
    * Substract Z-score log_scaled_salary from the Z-score of the weighted RAPTOR to get metric of performance relative to salary.
  * `./modified/cleaned_LeagueAverages.csv`:
    * Output from `./cleanLeagueAverages.ipynb` with `./raw/LeagueAverages.csv` as input.
    * Contains average team box score data from the 1984-85 season onwards.
    * Corrects `Season` from "2019-2020" to 2020, making it a numeric column.
  * `./modified/cleaned_player_LeagueAverages.csv`:
    * Output from `./cleanLeagueAverages.ipynb` with `./raw/player_LeagueAverages.csv` as input.
    * Contains average player box score data from the 1984-85 season onwards.
    * Corrects `Season` from "2019-2020" to 2020, making it a numeric column.
